Know a little
Xiaofan
Are you really going to take one to the flying amusement park?
Did someone say that?
Everyone in the city goes there to play
I'm going to take him too
Something big happened, you see
This fee is over.
Is Xu Shaojia in Huahai?
There is also a playground
Not Huahai
We had our playground all over the Gangnam area.
What's up?
Such a big industry
The result was destroyed by an oversight
It's a pity
If Xu Shao believed me
Be sure to check the flower sea when you go back.
Safety situation at Fei Long Playground
Especially the ferris wheel.
Why is that?
I don't know how to explain it to you.
I was born with a strange sensibility.
When I saw Xu Maiden today
You can see a little bit of the future.
How you feel
Ferris wheel is about to have an accident
Please also pay attention to Xu Shao
So hanging
Please check it.
There is no loss for Xu Shao
Prevent problems before they happen
Have a look.
It's getting late
I've got to go.
You go first, I'll see you off
80,000 so soon
Will something really happen to Xiaofan's Ferris wheel?
If he doesn't believe me, something will happen.
Is this the specific time?
Not sure.
So small.
I thought you were fooling the rich man
What am I doing to fool him?
Just wait and see.
What if he doesn't believe me?
News of him will be in the newspapers soon.